g2 - graphic library (C) 1998 Lj. Milanovic, H. Wagner

Version 0.3x

License Information
===================

This program is covered with GNU General Public License (GPL) and
_not_ with GNU Library General Public License (LGPL)! It is allowed
only for GPL programs to use (static/dynamic linkage or any other
using of code) g2 library. If you want to develop a non GPL
application and to use g2 please contact the authors.

see INSTALL for information on how to install g2 see the html
documentation in the doc/ subdirectory for a function reference

What is g2 ? 
============

Short version (if you are in hurry): 

     2D graphic library 
     Simple to use 
     Supports several types of output devices (currently X11, GIF, PostScript) 
     Concept allows easy implementation of new device types 
     Virtual devices allow to send output simultaneously to several devices 
     User definable coordinate system 
     Written in ANSI-C 
     Tested under Digital Unix, AIX, Linux, VMS and Windows NT 
     Fortran interface 

Long version: 

g2 is a simple to use graphics library for 2D graphical applications
written in Ansi-C. This library provides a comprehensive set of
functions for simultaneous generation of graphical output on different
types of devices. Presently, following devices are currently supported
by g2: X11, GIF, PostScript (xfig and Win32 are in developement).  One
major feature of the g2_library is the concept of virtual devices. An
arbitrary number of physical devices (such as GIF, or X11) can be
grouped to create a so-called virtual device. Commands sent to such a
virtual devices will automatically issued to all attached physical
devices. This allows for example simultaneous output to a GIF file and
a Postscript file. A virtual device in turn can be attached to another
virtual device, allowing to construct trees of devices.  Virtual
devices can also be useful when using different user-coordinate
systems. E.g. one X11 window showing an overview of a graphical
output, and a second window showing a zoom of a more detailed area of
the graphic. Drawing in both windows is performed by one single
command to the virtual device.

                                                                          
                                   /-------> GIF:   g2_attach(id_GIF,... 
            ----------------------- 
g2_plot---> | Virtual device: id |--------> X11:   g2_attach(id_X11,...
            -----------------------
                                   \-------> PS:    g2_attach(id_PS,...

If you don't need or like the concept of virtual devices, simply ignore it. 

CONTACT
=======

You can contact the authors by e-mail:

ljubo@ap.univie.ac.at
wagner@iap.tuwien.ac.at

or visit g2 home page on:

http://www.ap.univie.ac.at/users/ljubo/g2/g2.shtml

